So, let's go refactor, Fetch breed list.
It looks really similar to fetch
pet to be totally honest with you.
Fetch breed list.
And instead of calling pets it calls
breeds and instead of this it gets animal.
An ID is that instead
of breeds, animal.
That's it, really is it.
You could probably make some factory
that generates endpoints for you.
Cuz you can see here that they
were basically the same thing.
I usually tend to wait a while before
I try and make an abstraction.
I'm more of a write it three times and
then if on the fourth time maybe
think about it kind of person but
that's just personal experience.
Abstraction is generally your enemy when
it comes to the good maintainable code.
So, this is again, fetch breed list.
Make sure this is breeds animal equals
animal, animals coming from query key,
res okay then fetch do that
res dot JSON fetch breed list.
Okay, so this looks like it's ready to go.
So, we have all of this
nonsense here in breed list we
spent all this time making so pretty.
And we're just gonna just blow it away.
Get rid use effect.
You can get rid of all this stuff.
You're just gonna say import.
Use query.
From 10 stack and then import,
fetch breed list,
from fetch breed list,
get rid of local cache and
this is gonna turn into into
const results equals use query.
Give us the cache key of breeds and
then we're gonna
give it animal and
fetch breed list, okay,?
And then here we're gonna give it results.
Data.
Breeds.
So, this is basically saying, cuz remember
the first time that it goes out to fetch
that it's not going to be available,
right?
It's gonna give you a loading state back.
So, that's what this question mark
period is doing is basically saying,
if this is available, then give me that.
If not, don't give me an error.
And then the question mark you're
basically saying if this any of this
fails give me back just an empty array.
So, it's basically saying if I
don't have results for this yet
give me an empty array otherwise give me
the results and this is results status.
Does that make sense?
This is like ES 2021, it's a fairly
recent feature in JavaScript.
So, if you haven't seen it before,
very forgivable.
>> In the lesson plan, you have if no
animal return an empty array is that
redundant with the question mark,
question mark empty array?
>> Yeah,
it's probably it's better to have that.
Yeah, because you don't wanna
make a request with no animal.
So yes, thank you, if no animal.
So if you get a request for blank then
that means just return an empty array.
We don't need to go to the API for that.
But because it's an a sync function this
will all just work exactly how you want.
Okay, so, I'm gonna argue this is
significantly more simple
we went from having what?
How many lines was that
before I've messed with this?
35 lines, to
Seven.
Let's go make sure this works.
I go home.
Nothing there, click on cat,
that's all there.
Go back to bird.
These are all there.
So, it works the same way
on far less lines of code.
So, it's kinda cool that
you got to implement that,
how you would normally do it without
like no help from a library and
just to see that crap, like react
query wax to do all this for me.
So, Yeah, question.
>> What is the type of the result object?
>> What is the type?
It's a use query result.
[LAUGH] It's something that use query,
it's not anything
native to the browser at
something particular to use query.
I am showing you how to get
stuff from a database, right,
which is cacheable for the most part.
This is also configurable on a request
by request basis as well, right?
So you can say, hey, by default don't
refetch things but this request,
this special one,
refetched this every time, right?
So you can set that on
a query by query basis.
I don't remember the exact syntax,
but you can look it up on the docs.
The one here that I have not talked to
because we're not posting to anything,
is mutations, right?
Or posts to or put to an API, right?
So that, you will use something called,
instead of use query you'll
do use mutation, and
this allows you to post to a site,
it won't cache it, right?
It'll do all the correct things as well.
Outside the scope of this class,
I left the link to the docs down there
you can see how to do it down there, but
it works mostly similar to
what we're looking at here.
>> Well, last question here.
What happens if you have more than
one parameter in your API URL?
>> I think they're talking about this.
Which is to say like here,
I'm only using like one id.
It's a good question.
If I come back to Details,
right now I'm only providing
one here to this array,
but this array can be as long as you want.
Region, let's say I had to
request it regionally, right.
And cost, region equals,
I don't know, let's say
Zh- ch or something like that right and so
here this had to go to a different region
if I go back here to this is in fetch pet
Const region equals query key.
To like, right, it just you can give it
as many things as you want in that array,
it can also be an object in fact
we're about to see that, and so
that would be another good option for
this as well.